Project name
cross\_corr

## Description
Code to perform cross correlation of accurate bands for a negative and positive charged calculation
and to calculate the shift in energy. Code outputs the corrected denominator of local softness

Code performs cross correlation of the lower region of the DOS. This is performed by first fitting
a Fermi-Dirac function positioned 5eV above the lowest band energy then performing cross correlation.

## Table of contents
-Installation
-Usage
-Credits

## Installation
Compile with Fortran 90 to generate binary file xcorr.gfortran. Make sure this is executable.
NB I think I compiled with gfortran but I'm not sure 

For compiling with gfortran
gfortran -c \*0
then link files
gfortran -o xcorr.gfortran \*o

## Usage
How to run the code

Basic usage
./xcorr.gfortran

Debug usage 
./xcorr.gfortran > logfile

Some debug information for checks is written to standard output. For this reasonI often run the code with a redirect of standard output to a logfile as above. 

Requires input files generated by Optados 

## Input files
calc\_xcorr.run 
This is the input file to tell cross\_corr code which seednames to run for
Also what type of broadening - linear or adaptive - as this has an impact on which file names to look for.
I found that linear broadening makes it easier to perform the cross correlation as the features in the DOS are sharper 

<seedname>.min\_out
File outputted by nearedge code which contains the minimum band energy in eV.

<seedname>\_<charge>.ef\_out 
This is an output file which is generated by a modified version of optados. It contains the 
OptaDOS fermi level, the DOS spacing and the number of electrons

<seedname>\_<charge>.<broadening-type>.dat

DOS output file from OptaDOS. 

Types of broadening supported by OptaDOS are fixed, adaptive or linear. 
NB only adaptive and linear broadening require an ome\_bin file

<seedname>\_<charge>.fixed.dat
<seedname>\_<charge>.linear.dat 
<seedname>\_<charge>.adaptive.dat 

The standard OptaDOS output file which has accurate bands structure.
Code should work for either. Specify which in calc\_xcorr.run input file.

## Output files
seedname.out This output file contains the information about the shift and the 
corrected denominator.

seedname.xcorr This output file contains the cross correlation data as a 
function of the index DOS was shifted by

## Credits
written by Amy Gunton 

